Life is hard,
and it wears us down.
There’s not enough
to go around.
I close my eyes,
and there I see
That ev’ry hope
has come to be.
Imagine the time
when there’s no more pain,
When life’s so good
and we are young again.
Imagine the time
when we wake up and say,
“Thank you, thank you for this new life
and this brand new day!”
Not a sound
has ever touched my ears,
And eyes grow dim
with passing years.
But ears will hear
when music plays.
And eyes will see
each brand new day.
Imagine the time
when there’s no more pain,
When life’s so good
and we are young again.
Imagine the time
when we wake up and say,
“Thank you, thank you for this new life
and this brand new day!”
I might not be
the way I want to be.
But one day soon,
I’ll be running free!
Imagine the time
when there’s no more pain,
When life’s so good
and we are young again.
Imagine the time
when we’re dancing out the door!
Ev’ry day is better
than before.
Imagine the time
when there’s no more pain,
When life’s so good
and we are young again.
Imagine the time
when we wake up and say,
“Thank you, thank you
for this brand new day!”